Our tool was developed to help users download videos and images posted by themselves. However, we will refuse to provide services if you abuse the tool to violate the privacy rights or violate the intellectual property rights of others.

Before using the application or accessing the website, please carefully read the terms of service (referred to as ToS). You can find the full ToS here. Here are the key points to understand:

Snapinsta.to is an independent platform, developed and maintained by the Snapinsta team. WE ARE NOT AFFILIATED WITH INSTAGRAM OR META.
The Snapinsta™ trademark is created by us solely for use in connection with the services, applications and websites we provide. Snapinsta is read as one seamless word without mentioning any other person or organization.
We display advertising to maintain and support research and development activities for non-commercial purposes. Our advertising partners may use cookies to optimize ad delivery. You can completely refuse cookies or stop using our services at any time.
Your continued use of the website or application means you agree to be bound by our terms and policies (including any future updates). If you do not agree with any content, please stop accessing and using our services immediately.

Instagram Downloader - Tool to download videos and photos from Instagram
Snapinsta is an online Instagram downloader, developed with the purpose of helping Instagram users download Instagram photos and videos to their phones and computers easily without any problems What. It allows you to save and download Photos, Videos, Stories, Reels or Profiles from Instagram to your device quickly without installing software.

Snapinsta Downloader helps you save and download Instagram photos or videos directly on your web browser. It works well on all platforms and devices from PC, Mac to phone (iPhone or Android).

Features of Snapinsta
Download Photos, Videos from Instagram with high quality: Full HD, 1080p, 2k, 4k.
Allows selecting size and quality of the image before downloading.
Support downloading all photos and videos from Instagram profile.
Download photos and videos from a private Instagram account.
Use Snapinsta anonymously: We do not collect data and also do not store users' download history.
The tool is completely free: We only place a few ads to sustain and upgrade the service.
Snapinsta - Online Instagram Downloader
What is Snapinsta? Snapinsta is an Instagram image and video downloader tool, allowing you to save photos and videos from IG to your device easily and conveniently. All processing is done on our server side.

All you need to do is copy the post link of the photo, video you want to download on Instagram, paste it into the input box on Snapinsta and press the Download button. That's it, very simple and easy to use.

SnapInsta

Best Instagram Downloader

With Snapinsta app, you will easily download any of your favorite Instagram posts. This is a global application, supporting most popular languages ​​(over 20 languages) and is continuously updated to bring the best experience to users.

How to use Snapinsta - Instagram Downloader?
Open the Instagram app or website and log in to your account.
Find and copy the Instagram post link (Photo, Video, Reels, Story, Profile) you want to download.
Return to Snapinsta, paste the copied URL into the input box, and press the "Download" button.
Wait for our server to extract the data and then save the photo or video to your device.
Done. Open the photo or video you just downloaded on your device and enjoy it.
Why should you use the Snapinsta downloader?
Instagram's (IG, Insta) policy does not allow users to save photos or videos to your device for offline viewing. The best way to download content from Instagram is to use the Snapinsta downloader.

Snapinsta has a simple, user-friendly interface that allows you to download photos and videos from Instagram to your device in a few easy steps. This tool does not collect user data and does not store users' download history, making the use of Snapinsta.to completely anonymous.

According to user votes, Snapinsta is the best Instagram downloader currently available. Developed and operated by a team with many years of experience, it supports both web and app platforms, allowing users to download any content on IG quickly and conveniently.